updated github-actions doc (#325)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/ci-cd/github-actions.md

      version: "latest"
```

> To authenticate with the [Buf Schema Registry](https://docs.buf.build/bsr/introduction)(BSR), you may optionally supply with you Buf username and a [Buf API Token](https://docs.buf.build/bsr/authentication#buf_token):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate with the [Buf Schema Registry](https://docs.buf.build/bsr/introduction)(BSR), you may optionally supply your username and an [API Token](https://docs.buf.build/bsr/authentication#buf_token):
```

```yaml
steps:
  - uses: actions/checkout@v2
  - uses: bufbuild/buf-setup-action@v1
    with:

>       buf_user: ${{ secrets.buf_user }}
>       buf_api_token: ${{ secrets.buf_api_token }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      buf_user: ${{ secrets.BUF_USER }}
      buf_api_token: ${{ secrets.BUF_API_TOKEN }}
```

      version: "latest"
```

> To access your private remote packages in [Buf Schema Registry](https://docs.buf.build/bsr/introduction)(BSR), you may
> optionally supply with you Buf username and a [Buf API Token](https://docs.buf.build/bsr/authentication#buf_token):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access your private [Remote Packages](/bsr/remote-packages/overview) in [Buf Schema Registry](/bsr/introduction)(BSR), you may
optionally supply with you Buf username and a [Buf API Token](/bsr/authentication#buf_token):
```
